hi fellas what's going on it's me Jace
back back at you is not a video this
time is I'm just gonna show you the box
I know the bus is kind of beat-up what
do you expect I've been having this shoe
for close to 12 years as you can see yes
sir
Jumpman logo right there something on
this side
size 11 color is black for city red and
white here Jordan 11 retro size 11
enough said I'm sure you guys guessing
what shoe it is what is here is I'm sure
you can figure out Oh on the back of the
box to say a portion of the proceed from
this a portion of proceeded from the
purchase of Air Jordan product supported
educational initiative that's what it
said Oh on the bottom Nike check mark
with Nike enough with that just open it
shall we tissue paper yellow and this is
inside the shoe famous Jordan Retro card
on the back to show you all the shoe all
the way up to 15 at the time when did
you release your Jordan coming up to 15
MetroCard right there Jorah
yellow tissue paper and this is what
inside of it
Air Jordan 11 bread never been worn
never been tried on varsity red Jumpman
23 logo on the back see right here if
you look at it singing jordan Jumpman
Jumpman wind red patent leather shiny
one all the way around my favorite my
favorite favorite favorite jordan by far
besides the ban one there is a niche
gamer this is probably this is from 12
years ago on the bottom varsity red
carpet fiber plating Jumpman logo in red
in black right there
it stole 23 inside the shoe as you can
see it's all black with a white Jumpman
logo and right here on the tongue
Jumpman logo what with quality
basketball products inspired by the
greatest player ever indeed it is and of
course you get a snip it o 12 year old
dead stuff shoe this was
what you're just thinking I'll purchase
this back in 2001 there you go
that's a closer look for blood pair Air
Jordan 11 Bret never been worn
dead stop Jumpman logo right there on
the bottom BAM you know this looked good
look very very good for me this is the
best hair Jordan 11 color away from me
of course there's a cool gray there's
Space Jam but this one it's beautiful
please share my video give a comment
subscribe rate my video don't be scared
to click the like button please what
else
sorry just looking at this shoe I cannot
believe it I have never worn this
for 12 years close to 12 years 11 your
skin you have 12 years January it will
be 12 years I have this can imagine
anyways enough with that thank you for
viewing my video
ladies and gentlemen peace